My Role:
As one of the Lead Developers my contribution to the group 
began in drafting through pen and paper how the system
would work; specifically we created flowchart,
data schematics, and low-fidelity prototype. During the
development phase my focus is actually sort just supporting
my co-developer, Miguel. He took care of the Firebase setup,
the project structure, routing and fixing staging errors. As
for me, I just work on a few pages: Schedule Page, Masterlist,
and Kitchen Staff Page. Because of that I also faced just a 
few challenges. Due to our unconventional design we’ve 
encountered huge problems with resizing the sidebar component 
of shadcn for it was designed to take the entire height of the 
screen while ours had to accommodate some space for the header. 
Apart from that problem everything was manageable especially 
with the help of modern technologies.

Teamwork Experience: 
Perhaps I could even say that the real challenge for me was 
staying motivated to code and participate in group meetings. 
While I am well aware that I am doing this for my grade, it 
just doesn’t feel rewarding. It feels like I am working FOR 
some people instead of working WITH them. Needless to say I 
do believe that the majority of us our best and because of 
that we were able to deliver the firs set of deliverables. 
Communication-wise, we have a lot to learn and improve to 
ensure that everyone’s efforts complement each other and not 
go to waste. Speaking of waste, I think I have wasted 
my potential by allowing Miguel to more tasks than mine. 
Strategically, I should have relieved Miguel’s back by taking 
responsibility of some simple tasks he was delegated like the 
Sign-in and Landing Page. That way he would have had more time 
perfecting the dashboard. 

Personal Growth and Discipline:
On that note, I realized that I have to be more collaborative 
and less avoidant to tasks in general (I’m so lazy T-T). 
Maybe my teams problem with me is that I often choose to 
suffer silently regarding some unsatisfactory outputs from t
hem instead of sharing my opinions and point of improvements. 
Moreover, I’ll try to limit my usage of  Artificial 
Intelligence in coding as I could see that while it streamlined 
the development process I did missed out on developing my web 
development skills which will serve me more in the future. 
